# Purpose
This data structure solves a pretty small non general case which is probably why no one has used it or made it so far. But the general idea is that the linked list can dynamically allocate additional space for nodes in O(1) time with no resizing preconditions or postconditions needing to be set. The ArrayList in resizing case is always O(n) time which may not be a huge deal to the average developer and the general case, however when dealing with items past normal preportions the resizing functionality will take more and more time with each resize due to the ArrayLists design. What the DynamicCache does is, when the list is out of space in the current memory space, it will simply create a new array of a predetermined size and append it to the underlying linked list. 

# Downfalls
Since the DynamicCache uses the linked list as the underlying data structure, it will need some more optimizations to get to a point where it can match the ArrayLists get functionality since the DynamicCache has to iterate to the array containing the data first, then return the data. This is honestly not that bad currently and the time complexity for this operation is O(Log(n)) where the logarithm base is the predetermined size of each array link. So the bigger the array size the better the run time for this operation. I suspect we can make this more optimized by keeping multiple pointers to arrays in the list then when retrieving the data the cache can iterate from whichever pointer is closest.

# Benefits
This data structure minus the get methods has all the same time complexities for the ArrayList datastructure with the exception of remove, which I kinda finagled to just take the last element and place it at the removed elements spot. This data structure also comes with additional functionality where you can perform add, get, and remove operations for full array links inside the arraylist. This would be benefitial more in the case that the array sizes are closer to normal preportions. But what this means is that if your DynamicCache is anything like a data base or memory model and stores objects in relation to each other in the same relative location, you can perform the operation on the whole group of them instead of doing multiple iterations to effectively do the same thing.

Overall I believe this data structure models the hardware component of Random Access Memory greatly and I believe that in the use of it multiple sets of relational data can be stored and operated on in a more efficient manor. 
